## Coffee-Mate (CoMa) data

We provide the instructions for each dataset.

**Due to double-blind policies, we are unable to provide the dataset. You can clean the dataset and place it in this folder.** 

### Examples:

- **NExT-QA**: [{"video": "1164/3238737531.mp4", "QA": [{"i": "Watch the video carefully, noticing the cause and sequence of events, and then choose the best option for the given question.", "q": "Question: How many children are in the video?\nOptions:\n(A) one.\n(B) three.\n(C) seven.\n(D) two.\n(E) five.", "a": "Answer: (D) two."}], "type": "DC"}, {"video": "1006/8968804598.mp4", "QA": [{"i": "Watch the video carefully, noticing the cause and sequence of events, and then choose the best option for the given question.", "q": "Question: Why is the blue sweater guy looking at the shirtless men?\nOptions:\n(A) sharing with his friends.\n(B) found the man funny.\n(C) poor vision.\n(D) keep hands warm.\n(E) training.", "a": "Answer: (E) training."}], "type": "CW"},......]
- **STAR**: [{"video": "6H78U.mp4", "QA": [{"i": "Watch the video attentively, focusing on interactions between humans and objects, temporal sequences of actions, predictions of future actions, and inference of feasible actions based on spatial and temporal cues. Select the best option for the given question.", "q": "Question: Which object was tidied up by the person?\nOptions:\n(A) The closet/cabinet.\n(B) The blanket.\n(C) The clothes.\n(D) The table.", "a": "Answer: (C) The clothes."}], "type": "Int", "start": 11.1, "end": 19.6},......]
- **VLEP**: [{"video": "friends_s02e01_seg02_clip_18_ep", "QA": [{"i": "Carefully analyze the video, focusing on visual cues, linguistic context, and common sense knowledge. Choose the future event that aligns most plausibly with these observations.", "q": "Question: Which event is more likely to happen right after?\nOptions:\n(A) Joey sits down at the table.\n(B) Joey walks out of the apartment.", "d": "Dialogue: Ross, tell him. Isn't that how a tailor measures pants? Ross : Yes, yes, it is. In prison! What's the matter with you? What? Joey : That's not? Phoebe : Oh, my God!", "a": "Answer: (A) Joey sits down at the table."}], "type": "all", "start": 9, "end": 36.62},......]
- **TVQA**: [{"video": "met_s06e05_seg02_clip_09", "QA": [{"i": "Closely observe the video, focusing on character dynamics, evolving narratives, and the contextual clues provided through dialogue. Apply this contextual awareness to accurately respond to the questions posed.", "q": "Question: What was in the back of Zoey's van after she opened the doors? \nOptions:\n(A) A dog with a broken leg.\n(B) Stolen electronics.\n(C) Bunnies.\n(D) A romantic dinner.\n(E) A desk to put together.", "d": "Dialogue: (Zoey:)What I'm about to show you is not a hundred percent legal. (Ted:)Wasn't expecting bunnies. (Zoey:)I stole them. (Zoey:)My animal rights group liberated these guys (Zoey:)from an evil cosmetics company. (Zoey:)And I figured, \"Hey, Ted's a vet. (Zoey:)He can check them out and make sure they're okay\".", "a": "Answer: (C) Bunnies."}], "type": "all", "start": 45.05, "end": 61.29},......]
